♪
Today marks an important day
in all of our lives.
This marks the fifth and
final step
of your financial aid journey.
Every school may have its own
unique deadlines
for financial aid,
so be sure to get all of those
important dates
from your financial aid office.
And once you know the dates,
make sure you understand
and compare
all of your financing options.
First, consider all forms
of free aid.
Sources of free aid include:
Scholarships that you
don't need to be paid back,
Grants,
State Aid,
and Institutional Aid that comes
directly from your school.
Second, consider self-help aid.
These options include the
Federal Work Study program
which may help you to find
part-time work
to help cover costs,
and the Tuition Payment Plan.
Your financial aid office can
give you the
low-down on those options.
Next,
consider your "first-choice"
student loan options.
These include the:
Federal Perkins Loan, and
Federal Stafford Loan.
If you have substantial needs,
you may qualify for the Perkins
Loan
and the interest that accrues
on your Stafford Loan
may be subsidized while
you're attending school.
Whew!
Excuse me for a second.
(gulping sounds)
Ahh...Whew!
And finally,
if you still have remaining
expenses,
consider these student loans:
The Direct Federal Plus Loan
can be used by parents to help
their dependent children
in undergraduate programs.
And the Plus Loan
can  cover up to
100% of your remaining
expenses
and it comes with a
fixed interest rate!
Also, you may want to consider
a private student loan from:
your bank, or, another
financial institution.
Like the Plus Loan, private
loans can cover all of your
outstanding eligible
education-related expenses.
Excuse me...um...
I'm getting a little emotional.
Let me be the first to
congratulate you
on completing your journey
through the five steps to
financial aid.
Best of luck to you
as you head off into the
horizon to college.
And always remember...
with college comes great
knowledge.
Sign up for the CollegeSTEPS®
program
and get handy information
throughout the year.
wellsfargo.com/collegesteps